New command dbt retry (#3546)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/commands/retry.md

---
title: "About dbt retry command"
sidebar_label: "retry"
id: "retry"
---

> `dbt retry` retries the last `dbt` command from the point of failure. If the previously executed `dbt` command was successful, `retry` will complete without compiling any nodes. 

Reviewer: Suggesting using different words to define the term than reiterating the term.

```suggestion
`dbt retry` executes the last `dbt` command for a second time from the point of failure. If the previously executed `dbt` command was successful, `retry` will complete without compiling any nodes. 
```

Retry works with the following commands:

- [`build`](/reference/commands/build)
- [`compile`](/reference/commands/compile)
- [`seed`](/reference/commands/seed)
- [`snapshot`](/reference/commands/build)
- [`test`](/reference/commands/test)
- [`run`](/reference/commands/run)
- [`run-operation`](/reference/commands/run-operation)

> `dbt retry` will rerun from `error`, `failed`, `runtime error`, and `skipped` failures recorded in the run_results.json. If the command was successful with no errors, then it will rerun tests or freshness checks that warned. Executing `dbt retry` without correcting the previous failures will result in the same outcome. 

Reviewer: Suggest moving this ^ paragraph up. I feel like it would flow nicely around line 8, because it feels connected to the 1st paragraph and would hate for it to be missed.
